_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: MSc Advanced CS @ University of Manchester

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I'm currently completing an MSc in `Advanced Computer Science` at the University of Manchester, where I’ve focused on unsupervised learning, NLP, and data-intensive applications. 

Before entering tech, I worked as a full-time elementary school teacher, earning a Computer Science degree in just two years, a milestone achieved by less than 20% of students. This experience shaped my ability to learn fast, stay resilient, and build with empathy. I bring these strengths to software engineering, where I value clean code, thoughtful system design, and real-world impact.

Commit message:

Revise about page with updated profile details
Updated subtitle and modified content to reflect current studies and skills in Data Science and Machine Learning.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Data scientist | Generative AI & Machine learning | MSc in Advanced Computer Science(AI)

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I'm currently completing an MSc in Advanced Computer Science at the University of Manchester, where I’ve focused on `Generative AI`, `NLP`, and `Computer vision`. I conducted significant research on generative models (VAE, transformers) to spatial omics data for clustering and imputation tasks. My study developed a novel fine-tuning pipeline for state-of-the-art spatial transcriptomics foundation model, CellPLM, reducing training time by up to 300x.

Before entering tech, I worked as a full-time `elementary school teacher` for `5 years`, earning a Computer Science undergraduate degree in just two years. This experience shaped my ability to learn fast, stay resilient, and time management. In addition, I got strong `interpersonal` and `communication skills` with ability to explain complex concepts clearly and work effectively in `collaborative environments`.

I am eager to apply my strong technical foundation and unique soft skills to impactful roles in Data Science and Machine Learning.

Personally, I like playing `escape room`, going to trip, watching movies, drawing, and playing board games.
